[openbsd-userhosts]
eyeinthesky.kruemel.home ansible_python_interpreter=/usr/local/bin/python
merlin.virtual.kruemel.home ansible_python_interpreter=/usr/local/bin/python
phoebe.virtual.kruemel.home ansible_python_interpreter=/usr/local/bin/python
cortana.virtual.kruemel.home ansible_python_interpreter=/usr/local/bin/python
borg.virtual.kruemel.home ansible_python_interpreter=/usr/local/bin/python

[openbsd-buildhosts]
merlin.virtual.kruemel.home ansible_python_interpreter=/usr/local/bin/python
phoebe.virtual.kruemel.home ansible_python_interpreter=/usr/local/bin/python
cortana.virtual.kruemel.home ansible_python_interpreter=/usr/local/bin/python
borg.virtual.kruemel.home ansible_python_interpreter=/usr/local/bin/python

[pkgng-metal]
yayap.dmz.kruemel.home ansible_python_interpreter=/usr/local/bin/python
eventhorizon.dmz.kruemel.home ansible_python_interpreter=/usr/local/bin/python
optimusprime.kruemel.home ansible_python_interpreter=/usr/local/bin/python
jetfire.kruemel.home ansible_python_interpreter=/usr/local/bin/python
viking.kruemel.home ansible_python_interpreter=/usr/local/bin/python
gizmo.kruemel.home ansible_python_interpreter=/usr/local/bin/python
beastie ansible_python_interpreter=/usr/local/bin/python

[pkgng-virtual]
grimreaper.virtual.kruemel.home ansible_python_interpreter=/usr/local/bin/python
ion.virtual.kruemel.home ansible_python_interpreter=/usr/local/bin/python
freebsd32.virtual.kruemel.home ansible_python_interpreter=/usr/local/bin/python
aurora.virtual.kruemel.home ansible_python_interpreter=/usr/local/bin/python

[pkgng:children]
pkgng-virtual
pkgng-metal

[freebsd-userhosts]
aurora.virtual.kruemel.home ansible_python_interpreter=/usr/local/bin/python
freebsd32.virtual.kruemel.home ansible_python_interpreter=/usr/local/bin/python
ion.virtual.kruemel.home ansible_python_interpreter=/usr/local/bin/python
grimreaper.virtual.kruemel.home ansible_python_interpreter=/usr/local/bin/python
beastie.kruemel.home ansible_python_interpreter=/usr/local/bin/python

[portbuilder]
beastie.kruemel.home ansible_python_interpreter=/usr/local/bin/python

[netbsd-userhosts]
abraxas.virtual.kruemel.home ansible_python_interpreter=/usr/pkg/bin/python2.7
netbsd32.virtual.kruemel.home ansible_python_interpreter=/usr/pkg/bin/python2.7

[yum]
hyperion.virtual.kruemel.home

[debian]
neger.virtual.kruemel.home
dash.virtual.kruemel.home
wheezy.virtual.kruemel.home
debian32.virtual.kruemel.home

[freebsd]
jetfire.kruemel.home ansible_python_interpreter=/usr/local/bin/python
eventhorizon.dmz.kruemel.home ansible_python_interpreter=/usr/local/bin/python
gizmo.kruemel.home ansible_python_interpreter=/usr/local/bin/python
optimusprime.kruemel.home ansible_python_interpreter=/usr/local/bin/python
viking.kruemel.home ansible_python_interpreter=/usr/local/bin/python
aurora.virtual.kruemel.home ansible_python_interpreter=/usr/local/bin/python
yayap.dmz.virtual.kruemel.home ansible_python_interpreter=/usr/local/bin/python
freebsd32.virtual.kruemel.home ansible_python_interpreter=/usr/local/bin/python
grimreaper.virtual.kruemel.home ansible_python_interpreter=/usr/local/bin/python
ion.virtual.kruemel.home ansible_python_interpreter=/usr/local/bin/python

[openbsd]
kerberos.kruemel.home ansible_python_interpreter=/usr/local/bin/python
puffy.virtual.virtual.kruemel.home ansible_python_interpreter=/usr/local/bin/python
phoebe.virtual.virtual.kruemel.home ansible_python_interpreter=/usr/local/bin/python
merlin.virtual.virtual.kruemel.home ansible_python_interpreter=/usr/local/bin/python
openbsd32.virtual.virtual.kruemel.home ansible_python_interpreter=/usr/local/bin/python
cortana.virtual.virtual.kruemel.home ansible_python_interpreter=/usr/local/bin/python
deepstar.kruemel.home ansible_python_interpreter=/usr/local/bin/python
gargoyle.kruemel.home ansible_python_interpreter=/usr/local/bin/python

[solaris10]
starchild.virtual.kruemel.home

[solaris11]
brutus.virtual.kruemel.home
nostromo.virtual.kruemel.home
megatron.virtual.kruemel.home
starscream.dmz.virtual.kruemel.home
